00 0 0 0000 00 0000 0 0 00 0000000 0 0000 00 0000 0 00 00 00 0 00 00 0 0 00 00 0000 0 0 00 0 0 00 is the secret message

I wrote a program that converts binary to unary. The way I did it is through a series of if statement. The program starts 
with a for loop so that the program can read the number in the String. Aftr that since binary are only in 1 and 0, I can use
if statements to determine how many zeroes (uniary) to add. However, need to be becareful of adding a 0 to the original 
conversion since the way I did it doesn't count the original number. (HW convert unary to binary)

Tried to convert unary back to binary. The first step is to split the unary code base on spaces, so the program can detect 
whether it's 00 or 0, which is either 1 or 0. The rest can be use to determine the number of the the specific type. The conversion
is stored in a variable using the += method.

Tried to cnvert binary to Ascci, whcih invovles creating an rray with a storage space of 7 due to the fact that an array starts at 
position 0 and there're actually 8 binary numbers per ascii letter. To split the string, we have to use a method that requires the input
of the starting and ending position, which in my case uses a variable that holds seven that is multiplied by the amount required to 
advance to the next Ascii letter. Also tried the GTO 13 secret message which changes the letter in the current message into
letter that is 13 units away in the alphabet. First convert the message into integer, then add 13 then convert it back to character.

Pratice with array by locating the nearest the defib from a given user location. The programs uses a for-loop to update the position
of in which the loop has to be read and updated. To get the distance, I used a 2 formulas to get the x and y coordinate than use
the distance formla to get the actually distance. Also, I learned to convert spaces to actually spaces by using the .replace method whihc
replaces a certain data within a string to a desired one.

Used if else if statements to evaluate a condition and change the repsonse. The response is limited in a set range, the if statement 
has to have another condition so that the response doesn't go over the limit. As for the horse racing game, I stored the strength
of the horses into an array, used a for loop to find the smallest difference (which is the point of the program).

Idenitified the prime numbers within a set range. Did it by using a series of if statements to validate the condition of whether there're
any other devisors other than one and itself. Used double loop to update the devided and devisor; since the devisor has to be updated
until the condition is fully tested, it's in the second loop. As for the devided, it's in the first loop so it doesn't get updated 
until the second loop is completed. Also created a if statement to add the proper grammar convention to the position of each prime number.
Did it by getting the % of each number.

Tried to pluralize singluar nouns. Done it by using a series of if statements to select the nouns for the different treatments.
As for the speical cases, the program starts by exluding them from the main statement and added a if at the bottom to inlude 
the special cases; which means the whole program is enclosed in an if else statement that exludes the specials cases at the start and
accoutn them in the end.

Tried to calculate the average of a set of number. The first program is limited to only 3 numbers per set, and is done in a do while loop, 
which means the whether the program is going to continue or not is determined at the end of each program. The second edition is able to
to calculate a set of numbers that is defined by the user. Th program uses a while loop to count the amount of data which in turn can 
be the denominator for calculating average. The final edition uses the try catch statement that tries a certain condtion and only
moves forward if the catch line isn't satsified. WIth this statement, the program no longer needs Y or N but instead uses int or string; therefore 
as long as the user inputs numbers, the program will continue to allow that and calcualte the average once the user enters anything
that's not a number.

Learned to use inhertitence with involves creating a subclass for a super class. The computer runs superclass's program first before running
the subclass's. Need to use the extends command on top top the subclass to establish itself as a subclass. Today, I created two subclasses under
a superclass. The subclasses act as two distinguishing program that're created to modify things differently.


Created animation for a character. The animation is for moving in the basic four direction and invloves using loop to repeatedly and continously 
show images to create a fake sense of motion. Had to use GIMP2 and paint to crop out the individual pictures. Also used a for loop to load in the image 
since they all follow the template of the direction plus it sequence in the  animation.

Created a method called bounce and variables for angle so that whenever the object hits a wall, it reflects back in a 180 fashion and decrease speed by 
90 percent as well. The object will "die" once it hits the wall 11 times. So its speed is 0 and the image changes. So for my homework, I have to create a 
health bar for the object so that whenever it hits the wall, its health gets deducted by 10. 

Created a "window" program that converts km to miles and meter to feet.The program invovles creating an actionListener that processes the input of the main 
"function?". The main fuction has to "Sub-functions" which first creates the window, then add the text and information reciever to the window. The display 
of the processed information is shown using JOPtionPane.

Tried to create a calculator with the border layout. The program consists of a display screen on the top, and the keypads in the middle. Also used actionlistener
to translate the button pressed to the display of the symbol on the button.